# Employee Appraisal & Project Management System
Employee Appraisal & Project Management System was my project in bachelors, which was based on web application and the technologies which I had included in my project were ASP.NET(C#), LINQ, Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) Services, SQL Server and Reporting Tools. I developed the Tool alone. I included the functionalities Project management, Project Tracking, Employee Management and Employee Appraisal. The main idea to develop the tool was to connect the MNC Companies. It is to communicate between the persons which are at any place/time so as to provide full freedom to do the work at any time. The main goal of the tool is to satisfy the client to fulfil the project's requirement. And satisfy employees work and place based on appraisal/reward.

#	The project process goes as follows:
Firstly client give the project to the admin, then admin assigns that project to the manager and manager create the teams and also create the modules and then he/she give the modules to the particular team and assign the team leader to the team based on knowledge and experiences. After that, team leader create the task and assign to the employees based on his/her skillset. E.g. If I have skill in ASP.NET(C#) and project is in ASP.NET(C#) that tool will give the list including me and also other employees those who have skill in ASP.NET(C#). All the project/module/task is completed based on the priority and risk. After completing all the tasks, employees return to the team leader and team leader arrange that task and return to the manager as a module form and give the appraisal to the employees and same appraisal are given by the system. Similarly manager arrange it and give appraisal to the team leader and return whole project to the admin. When admin download`s the project he gets it in right form. 
